# Tetrate Agent Router Service v. Requesty.ai

Managing AI costs while ensuring reliability isn't just an optimization problem—it's essential for sustainable growth.
Both Tetrate Agent Router Service and Requesty offer intelligent routing and team management features, but serve
different organizational needs and technical requirements.

## Quick Comparison

### Tetrate Agent Router Service

**Best for:** Developers and teams who need enterprise-grade reliability, seamless agentic tool integration, and
governance capabilities that scale from individual use to organization-wide deployment.

✓ Built on battle-tested, open source Envoy proxy infrastructure

✓ Native integration with Goose, Cline, and agentic coding tools

✓ Advanced playground for prompt engineering workflows

✓ NIST and FINOS framework alignment

### Requesty

**Best for:** Growing teams seeking user-level cost controls and team management features with responsive support and
straightforward pricing.

✓ User-based spending limits (not just API keys)

✓ SAML SSO integration for team access

✓ 300+ models from 150+ providers

✓ Bootstrapped with customer-focused development

✓ 5% transparent pricing model

## Key Differentiators

### Infrastructure & Performance

**Tetrate Agent Router Service** leverages Tetrate's position as core maintainers of Envoy proxy—the technology powering
Netflix, Airbnb, and much of the internet's critical infrastructure. This translates to enterprise-grade reliability
with intelligent routing decisions optimized for both production applications and development workflows. When your
agentic coding tools or customer-facing applications demand consistent performance, Tetrate's infrastructure delivers.

**Requesty** provides solid reliability through multi-provider redundancy with a 99.99% uptime SLA and \<50ms switching
time. Their lean, bootstrapped approach focuses on practical reliability for growing teams without infrastructure
overhead.

*Choose Tetrate if:* You need proven infrastructure that scales from individual developers to enterprise deployments.

*Choose Requesty if:* You want reliable service with responsive support from a smaller, focused team.

### Developer Workflow Integration

**Tetrate Agent Router Service** excels at developer productivity with first-class integration for agentic coding tools.
If you're using Cline, Goose, or similar AI assistants, Tetrate provides reliable routing to models you've evaluated and
selected for different tasks. The advanced playground helps you determine during design time which models work best for
complex architecture discussions versus simple refactoring, then ensures those models are reliably available in
production.. The advanced playground enables sophisticated prompt engineering with side-by-side model
comparisons—essential for optimizing your AI workflows.

**Requesty** offers OpenAI-compatible APIs and focuses on team collaboration features. Their platform emphasizes cost
visibility and control across development teams, with user-level budgets and real-time analytics.

*Choose Tetrate if:* You're using agentic coding tools or need advanced prompt engineering capabilities.

*Choose Requesty if:* Team budget management is your primary concern.

### Cost Optimization Strategy

**Tetrate Agent Router Service** enables developers to evaluate and select the most cost-effective models for their
specific tasks during design time. Through the advanced playground, teams can compare models side-by-side to determine
optimal performance-to-cost ratios. At runtime, the service reliably routes to these pre-selected models with automatic
failover.—using premium models for complex problems while routing simpler tasks to cost-effective alternatives. With
transparent pricing and a flat 5% markup on provider costs, teams typically see 20-40% cost reduction while improving
reliability.

**Requesty** takes a user-centric approach to cost control with individual spending limits per team member. Their 5% fee
structure is simple and transparent, with users reporting 40-80% cost savings through routing optimization and caching.

*Choose Tetrate if:* You need sophisticated, context-aware routing that optimizes based on task complexity.

*Choose Requesty if:* User-level budget controls are critical for your team management.

### Governance & Compliance

**Tetrate Agent Router Service** includes enterprise-ready governance aligned with NIST and FINOS frameworks. The
optional Tetrate Agent Operations Director provides comprehensive visibility and control across your entire AI
infrastructure. With on-premises deployment options, Tetrate meets the strictest security requirements for regulated
industries.

**Requesty** offers practical governance features including SAML SSO (Okta live, Azure AD coming), approved model lists,
and compliance tracking for SOC 2, HIPAA, and GDPR. Their focus is on providing essential enterprise features without
overwhelming complexity.

*Choose Tetrate if:* You operate in highly regulated industries or need comprehensive governance frameworks.

*Choose Requesty if:* You need essential compliance features with straightforward implementation.

## Getting Started & Support

**Tetrate Agent Router Service** offers instant self-serve sign-up with $5 free credits and no sales process. From
registration to first API call takes under 5 minutes. The platform includes comprehensive documentation, templates for
common use cases, and the backing of Envoy's maintainer community. Enterprise teams can start small and scale
seamlessly.

**Requesty** provides $6 free credits with a similarly quick setup process. What sets them apart is their renowned
customer support—users consistently praise the responsive team that takes feedback seriously and shapes the product
based on user needs.

*Choose Tetrate if:* You value enterprise-grade infrastructure and may need advanced features as you scale.

*Choose Requesty if:* Direct access to a responsive support team is important to you.

## Use Case Recommendations

### For Agentic Coding (Cline, Goose, Cursor)

**Recommended: Tetrate Agent Router Service**

Native integration and optimized routing for coding contexts make Tetrate ideal for developers using AI coding
assistants daily.

### For Prompt Engineering & Model Evaluation

**Recommended: Tetrate Agent Router Service**

The advanced playground with sophisticated comparison tools helps prompt engineers optimize their workflows efficiently.

### For Team Cost Management

**Recommended: Requesty**

User-based spending limits and granular budget controls make Requesty excellent for managing team AI spending.

### For Production Applications

**Recommended: Tetrate Agent Router Service**

Enterprise-grade reliability and the backing of Envoy maintainers provide the confidence needed for mission-critical
systems.

### For Growing Startups (Series A-C)

**Both work well**

Tetrate offers better infrastructure and scaling path, while Requesty provides focused team management features.
Evaluate based on your priorities.

### For Regulated Industries

**Recommended: Tetrate Agent Router Service**

NIST and FINOS alignment plus on-premises options meet strict compliance requirements.

## Architecture & Reliability

### Tetrate Agent Router Service

* Built on open source Envoy proxy (powers 90% of cloud-native infrastructure)

* Instant failover with intelligent circuit breaking

* Design-time model evaluation with reliable runtime routing to pre-selected models

* Distributed architecture with global presence

### Requesty

* Multi-provider redundancy with \<50ms switching

* 99.99% uptime SLA

* Intelligent queuing with exponential backoff

* Lean architecture optimized for efficiency

## The Bottom Line

### Choose Tetrate Agent Router Service when you need:

* Seamless integration with agentic coding tools

* Enterprise-grade infrastructure that scales

* Advanced prompt engineering capabilities

* Comprehensive governance and compliance features

* The confidence of Envoy's proven technology

### Choose Requesty when you need:

* User-level budget controls and team management

* Exceptional, responsive customer support

* Simple, transparent pricing without complexity

* Practical enterprise features for growing teams

* A partner that evolves with your feedback

## Ready to Get Started?

Both platforms offer instant sign-up and free credits to evaluate. Most teams know within days which platform aligns
with their needs.

### Try Tetrate Agent Router Service

* $5 free credits, no credit card required

* 5-minute setup with your coding tools

* Enterprise-grade reliability from day one

* Start Free Trial →

### Try Requesty

* $6 free credits to test the platform

* User-based controls and team management

* Responsive support team

* Sign Up Free →

————————

*Can't decide? Consider your primary pain point: If it's integrating with development tools and scaling infrastructure,
Tetrate Agent Router Service provides the robust foundation you need. If it's managing team costs and getting responsive
support, Requesty offers the focused solution you're looking for. Both platforms use OpenAI-compatible APIs, making it
possible to migrate if your needs evolve.*
